i'm gerry tony's and cisco networkers
live here to demonstrate nurse calls
you're not familiar with nurse call it's
essentially cisco implementing current
nurse called installations with advanced
communications technology what i mean by
that well forget about what i mean by
that let me demonstrate for you so in a
normal situation you have a nurse or
you'd have a patient who pushed an alert
and that alert would send a message to
the nurse charge station that would do
overhead paging not very advanced
communication to put it to put it
lightly than what we've done is
integrated call manager into the
solution let me simulate i'm gerry
tony's and cisco networkers live here to
demonstrate nurse Paul you're not
familiar with nurse call it's
essentially Cisco complementing current
nurse call installations with advanced
communications technology what I mean by
the book we're get about what i mean by
that let me demonstrate for you so in a
normal situation didn't have a nurse
there you have a patient who pushed an
alert and that alert would send a
message to the nurse charge station that
would be overhead paging not very
advanced communication to put it put it
lightly so what we've done is integrated
call manager into the solution let me
simulate a patient and I need some ice
chips so I press my alert and my alert
comes now
not only to the nurse charge station
just be described earlier but it also
comes to buy brand new cisco 7925 phone
and as you can see my alert here that i
can acknowledge i can delegate it let's
say I'm a very expensive nurse and I'm
very far away from the patient I can
then delegate this alert
to someone more qualified provide the
service the patient is looking for and
if I feel and so inclined i can talk
directly back to that patient
so foot demonstration but fundamentally
what we're doing is adding advanced
communications to a system that was
developed before the technology existed
and complementing that solution by
providing a more effective workflow or
clinical staff